MyTracks2Cal
============

Makes entries in Google Calendar based on the KML files generated by MyTracks

The [Android MyTracks](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.maps.mytracks) application has an option to sync all tracks with Google Drive.
This script takes the files synced to Google Drive and adds corresponding events to Google Calendar.

Permissions
===========

This script downloads files from Google Drive and creates Google Calendar events.
It therefore requires read-only access to your Google Drive and read/write access to Google Calendar.

No existing Calendar events are deleted, only new ones added.

Installing the Prerequisites
============================

* `apt-get install python2.7 python2.7-dev`
* `apt-get install gcc`
* `apt-get install libxml2-dev libxslt1-dev`
* `apt-get install python-pip`
* `pip install virtualenv`

Virtual Environment
===================

* Tracks2Cal is python 2 only, make sure you specify the correct executable in the virtual environment.
* Create: `virtualenv --distribute -p /usr/bin/python venv`
* Activate: `source venv/bin/activate`
* Deactivate `deactivate`

Install pip Packages
====================

* `pip install -r requirements.txt`

OAuth
=====

This project uses OAuth to connect to a Google Account.

`config.json` is used for storing OAuth information.

Since this file contains private API keys, it isn't included in the repository. There is an example file (`config.json_example`) included instead.

Running the Script
==================

1.  Copy the `config.json_example` file to `config.json`.
2.  Register for API access at `https://code.google.com/apis/console` and fill out the config file with the access details.
3.  Activate the virtual environment.
4.  Run the `app.py` script.
5.  Open up a browser and navigate to the webserver.
6.  Follow the instructions provided by the website.

For running it in anything other than a testing environment, investigate using a dedicated webserver (Nginx, Lighttpd, Apache, etc.).
